{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \\documentclass[a4paper]\{article\}\
\
\\usepackage[T1]\{fontenc\}\
\\usepackage[utf8]\{inputenc\}\
\\usepackage\{lmodern\}\
\
\\usepackage[english]\{babel\}\
\\usepackage\{csquotes\}\
\
\\usepackage[notes,backend=biber]\{biblatex-chicago\}\
\\bibliography\{sample\}\
\
\\begin\{document\}\
\\title\{Research Outline\}\
\\author\{Alexandru Papiu\}\
\\maketitle\
\
\
\
%\\section\{Demonstration\}\
\
My research interests lie at the intersection of combinatorics, topology, commutative algebra and discrete geometry. The main underlying idea throughout my research is to get combinatorial information about geometric objects such as convex polytopes or manifolds by using tools from algebraic topology and commutative algebra. Some of the tools I have been using are: classical combinatorial topology,  f-vector theory, Discrete Morse Theory, generating functions and Combinatorial Commutative Algebra. \\\\\
\
I have a list of projects I have been working on within this subfield: \\\\\
\
1. \\textbf\{Connnectivity of Graphs of Pseudomanifolds\}: I have managed to extend several classical results related to the connectivity of graphs of manifolds, providing a uniform and simple approach. The idea is based in algebraic topology: roughly speaking the number of connected components one gets when removing a subcomplex is in most cases determined by the top homology group of that induced subcomplex. This gives easy proves of some recent results by Athanasiadis and extends them to a larger class of complexes. \\textbf\{Future Work\}: I will be working on using these results to prove lower bound theorems for flag manifolds, related to the Charney-Davis Conjecture.\\\\\
\
2. \\textbf\{S-Partitions\}: I have been trying to extend the classical notion of shellability to the more general context of triangulated manifolds. One way to do so is by using the notion of S-partitions. However one has to restrict to some "nice" enough S-partitions to get properties similiar to shellability. My idea was to express the "niceness" in terms of a certain commutative ring associated to the complex. \\textbf\{Future Work\}:I think this approach will lead to a more combinatorial interpretation of results such as Schenzel's formula and other results in commutative algebra - however more work must be done. \\\\\
\
3. \\textbf\{Knotted balls and Discrete Morse Theory\}: I have been studying applications of Discrete Morse Theory to the constructions of knotted balls and spheres - these are spheres that are in some sense complicated and Morse theory gives a way to quantify how complicated they are. This could be relevant in finding counterexamples to longstanding conjectures such as the $g$-theorem for spheres. \\textbf\{Future Work\}: I have been working towards solving a conjecture by Adiprasito and Bendetti relating the bridge index of the knot to lower bound on the Morse vector. I have some partial results related to this conjecture. \\\\\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\\end\{document\}}